bpo-37345: Add formal UDPLITE support (#14258)
python/cpython: Doc/library/socket.rst

  .. versionadded:: 3.8

- :const:`IPPROTO_UDPLITE` is a variant on UDP which allows you to specify
  what portion of a packet to cover with the checksum. It adds the methods
  :meth:`socket.set_send_checksum_coverage` to change what portion of
  outgoing packets are covered and :meth:`socket.set_recv_checksum_coverage`
  to filter out packets which cover too little of their data.

>   ..availability:: Linux >= 2.6.20

Reviewer: It should be `.. availability::`. Therefore the tests don't pass :)

Author: Should be fixed in most recent commits

  .. versionadded:: 3.8

> - :const:`IPPROTO_UDPLITE` is a variant on UDP which allows you to specify

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :const:`IPPROTO_UDPLITE` is a variant of UDP which allows you to specify
```
on -> of maybe?

Author: Sorry, I think that was a regionalism on my part. Fixed.

>   what portion of a packet to cover with the checksum. It adds the methods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  what portion of a packet is covered with the checksum. It adds the methods
```
Not sure about the proposed text but it looks a little more coherent to me.

Author: Fixed

>   what portion of a packet to cover with the checksum. It adds the methods

Reviewer 2: Please rephrase.
`IPPROTO_UDPLITE` doesn't `add the methods` but allows to use `UDPLITE_SEND_CSCOV` / `UDPLITE_RECV_CSCOV` in `setsockopt`

Author: Does the new version make this better in your eyes?
